Add mom_gamemode_override documentation (#135)
momentum-mod/docs: _posts/convars/2020-10-25-mom_gamemode_override.md

---
title: mom_gamemode_override
category: var
tags:
  - gamemode
minimum_value: 0

> maximum_value: Same as gamemode count

Reviewer: Since we're pretty set on gamemodes now and to bring in line with other cvars, I'd put the actual value in.
```suggestion
maximum_value: 10
```

default_value: 0
---

Forces gamemode to the specified gamemode number given; must not be in-game to change.  
If this cvar isn't set to its default, your times will not submitted upon map completion.

> **Note:** If you wish to use this cvar with official maps, you should instead use the "Start Map In Specific Gamemode" option in the Map Selector's context menu.

Reviewer: Can use notices for a better effect. Note this won't work unless the branch is rebased as there was recent changes to them.
```suggestion
{:.notice--info}
If you wish to use this cvar with official maps, you should instead use the "Start Map In Specific Gamemode" option in the Map Selector's context menu.
```
